============================
How To do Job Search and stay motivated.

Nakuri
linkedin
Points that need to remember.
Generally financial year will close in March.so no active calls from Jan 15 March end.
2.We need to observe the present situation(recession) by various resources like news and colleagues 
3.Always take new number [Bengaluru] and Gmail ID to apply for job search.
4. If you were already a used a Naukri account and money doesn’t a problem then I recommend to take paid service from Naukri for one month and based on the output you can proceed. I opted for get calls.

4.I Applied so many jobs from Linkedin via easy apply but I didn’t receive any calls. But I still prefer Linkedin to stay updated technically.install nakuri and  Linkedin apps in mobile and whenever u get any notifications and act immediately  
5.You need to maintain call recordings and notes and emails ids for further follow-ups.
6.After uploading your resume in Nakuri, Daily u need to update your nakuri profile to stay active in search for recruiters.
7.It will take Minimum 2-3 weeks to get calls.
8.Always send resumes to official email ID s only when you see any jobs offers in facebook,whatsup groups.
9.The success ratio for this should be always 1% only. If you send 100 emails u may get 1 or 2 replies.Prepare your mind as well.
10.whenever u done with interview via teams or zoom. Make sure you remember that email id for further follow up. Here one person will set up meetings and another person will join and take interviews. If we have both emails ID that could be better for further Follow up.

11.I have applied for 500+ Jobs from Naukri,linkedin and gmails. But I got call only 
only 2 calls per week. After one half month I got calls daily 2 calls.

12.I have given so many interviews and by the way interview will go, u get to know either u selected or not But still I didn’t get any HR calls or offer letters. This makes me very sad and get description.  One day while discussing with recruiter I came to know my current CTC is Higher than the budget they had. From that onwards I started asking what is the budget for this role. Somebody will say its confidential but somebody will say sorry sir they can’t procced further.thatshow I gain the confidence and offers not getting because my high CTC. Not with technical things.

I am saying with sample Numbers to make you understand. The primary objective is to get the offer letter and soon as in any company and if I have more than two offers I need to select the best one.

Example:
So here my CTC 
9 with variable pay.in that 2 Laks are variable pay.i had removed the 2 laks and started asking 30 Percent on 6LPA or as per company norms. Finally, I got offers with good package more than my current CTC. That’s how the story came to end.

They are many reasons for not getting offers after selecting.
U got selected but still HR people will wait for people who can join with Less package. If nobody has joined then u get call.
U got selected but due to high CTC they kept hold. They don’t tell this.
U got selected but position got fulfilled internally 
U got selected but client didn’t sign the agreement and u Position is in frozen.
U got selected but due to situation’s which we might not known from company perspective.

Note: Maintain Good & Healthy Relations with Respective DBA community members to stay technically fit and to share and receive job offers. 